Create and run accurate SQL statements when using `ExecutionMode.AIRFLOW_ASYNC` (#1474)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: CHANGELOG.rst

* Allow users to opt-out of ``dbtRunner`` during DAG parsing with ``InvocationMode.SUBPROCESS`` by @tatiana in #1495. Check out the `documentation <https://astronomer.github.io/astronomer-cosmos/configuration/render-config.html#how-to-run-dbt-ls-invocation-mode>`_.
* Add structure to support multiple db for async operator execution by @pankajastro in #1483
* Support overriding the ``profile_config`` per dbt node or folder using config by @tatiana in #1492. More information `here <https://astronomer.github.io/astronomer-cosmos/profiles/#profile-customise-per-node>`_.

> * Create and run accurate SQL statements when using ``ExecutionMode.AIRFLOW_ASYNC`` by @pankajkoti in #1474

Author: ```suggestion
* Create and run accurate SQL statements when using ``ExecutionMode.AIRFLOW_ASYNC`` by @pankajkoti, @tatiana and @pankajastro in #1474
```

> * Use dbt to generate the full SQL and support different materializations for BQ for ``ExecutionMode.AIRFLOW_ASYNC`` by @pankajkoti in #1474

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create and run accurate SQL statements when using `ExecutionMode.AIRFLOW_ASYNC` by @pankajkoti in #1474
```
